Looking For Group
     The application is to take the place of having to walk into a game store and look for the cork board at games that are being run. Cork boards are not always upto date with the current information, and are dependant on the people in the game or the people
     in the store to update them. With an application to stream line this process, it will take away the akwardness of seeing a 5 month year old ad of looking for players when that campaign finished last week. 

     What I would like to do with this application is have a register/login for users, and the users to be able to say I'm a GM and post a digital ad on the cork board for players to see and when the game is full it will disapeer from the game browsers.
     I would like for users to be able to...
          Sign up to the service
	  Be able to login to the service
          Suspend their accounts (soft delete)
          Update their data
          Choose if they're a DM
          If they are a gm be able to post something saying I'm running a game
	       There needs to be a player cap set by the GM
               When the player cap is reached the game is not able to be viewed or selected.
               If a spot becomes available, it can be accessed again
               The GM needs to specify what edition and what game
               The GM has the ability to remove players from the group
               The GM has the ability to end the game.
          Players will be able to search for games
	  Players will be able to join games
          Players will be able to leave games.

     Monetize
           My first thought is a small monthly subscription of $5.00.
           Subscribed users benefits...
                GM's are able to set up more than one game.
                Players can be involved in more than one game.
                Account badges.
                
     Languages
          PHP
          HTML5
          SASS/CSS
          Javascript/jQuery


     Features I'd like to incorporate
          Live character sheets
          Abiltiy for the DM to interact with those sheets
          A chat system for each game being run.
          User accounts to incorporate geolocation so someone from the west coast isn't signing up for an in person game on that's being ran on the east coast.
          
